

      World
  

Screenshots from a video showing TikTok user "jamii.talib" getting stuck on a water slide and escaping through an emergency exit hatch.
MALAYSIA — A TikTok video of a man getting stuck midway down a water slide in Malaysia has “unlocked” a new fear for some online users.
The short but distressing clip, shared by user “jamii.talib”, has racked up more than 45 million views and 13,300 comments since it was posted on June 10.
The TikTok video starts off with the park goer, who goes by the name Jami, standing with his arms crossed in anticipation for the trap door of a vertical drop slide to open.
He drops into the plastic tunnel and at first appears to navigate the winding slide with ease. However, he comes to an abrupt standstill barely five seconds later.
Mr Jami has to spin himself around to pick up speed again, but his joy is short-lived as he comes to a stop for the second time.  
At this point, Mr Jami begins to panic and is seen crawling up and down the narrow and enclosed slide in search of a way to escape while crying out for help.
Eventually, he ends up right beside an escape hatch, which is quickly opened by a lifeguard.
“I got stuck,” Mr Jami sheepishly tells the lifeguard as he exits the slide.
Malaysian media reports said that Mr Jami was riding the Super Looper at the Escape Theme Park in Penang.
In his video caption, Mr Jami swore that it would be the “first and last time” he would go on the water slide, adding that he has been “traumatised” by the experience.
The video elicited a combination of amusement and unease from viewers, with some sharing Mr Jami’s distress, while others claimed that it had “unlocked” a new fear for them.
One TikTok user wrote: “My claustrophobia can’t deal with this.”
Another said: “I panicked and it wasn’t even me (who was) stuck.”
A number of people commented on Mr Jami’s swim attire, suggesting that the friction from his long track pants had made it difficult to slide down smoothly.
“Lesson learned,” Mr Jami replied.
Read more of the latest in

      Subscribe to get daily news updates, insights and must reads delivered straight to your inbox.
  

      By clicking subscribe, I agree for my personal data to be used to send me TODAY newsletters, promotional offers and for research and analysis.
  
Copyright 2023 © Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved.
We know it's a hassle to switch browsers but we want your experience with TODAY to be fast, secure and the best it can possibly be.
To continue, upgrade to a supported browser or, for the finest experience, download the mobile app.
Upgraded but still having issues? Contact us
